# Nature Reels 

Nature Reels is video production company based in Abu Dhabi with members from all over the world. Our mission is to raise awareness of the on-going situations affeccting nature and at the same time make short films to engage the community to bring and spread the idea of sustainability. We also reach our audience to encourage them into donating towards a global cause. Currently, the website is focusing on the present flood situation in Pakistan and wants to create awareness and a platform for people to donate. The theme of the website is nature, hence there are short films related to nature and latest news and global problems. I wanted to create a simple yet informative website which would have a big purpose and would bring something to the community.  Nature Reels believes that together we can change the world!

I had a very simple design in my mind from my wire frame which I had to evolve to make it a bit more detailed and informative. I added three pages: home, about and contact each having a purpose of its own. I created 3 html files, 3 css files and 2 java script files. The home section of the website was the first one to be implemented to give the website a face. This section starts with a short film regarding a nature debate as a means of information and entertainment. It further goes to tell the latest news regarding nature and images of the scenario. The images change upon clicking the next button which was implemented with java script. This section also has a facts section to house facts regarding the scenario. I then implemented the about section which was done creatively. I used to css to display text over the person’s image when hovered upon the picture and blur it when doing so. This saved space and added an element of fun and interactivity for the user. The contact section was implemented next, it housed a contact form and a map of my location. The contact form when submitted, gives an alert of submission which was done with java script. 

The initial concept was to make a film related website to house the short film. This concept was merged with the latest news section to make it more purposeful. The website did turn out like I expected. It is way better than my initial expectation when developing the wireframe. The wireframe was too simple, but when I started to code, I added a lot of things to the website with a completely new and refined wireframe in my head. My expectations were to create something useful and to create a general awareness about a certain problem. I feel like my website was able to accomplish both these goals. I wanted to implement the change in image thing with java script which I was also able to accomplish. When I was building the websites my expectations were increasing with time but I think in the end I am satisfied with what I have built as the purpose it carries is something big. 

